style: apply /style-guide pass to weave (#2739)
wandb/docs: weave/cookbooks/Intro_to_Weave_Hello_Eval.mdx

---
title: "Introduction to Evaluations"
description: "Learn how to use introduction to evaluations with W&B Weave"
keywords: ["Weave Model", "Evaluation API", "scoring function", "LLM evaluation", "Pydantic"]
---

<Note>
This is an interactive notebook. You can run it locally or use the following links:
- [Open in Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/wandb/docs/blob/main/weave/cookbooks/source/Intro_to_Weave_Hello_Eval.ipynb)
- [View source on GitHub](https://github.com/wandb/docs/blob/main/weave/cookbooks/source/Intro_to_Weave_Hello_Eval.ipynb)
</Note>

> This tutorial introduces W&B Weave evaluations by walking you through a minimal end-to-end example. You'll define a Weave `Model`, run it against a small dataset, score the outputs with a custom scoring function, and review the results in Weave. It's intended for developers who are new to Weave and want a quick, hands-on starting point before exploring more advanced evaluation workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This notebook introduces W&B Weave evaluations by walking you through a minimal end-to-end example. You define a Weave `Model`, run it against a small dataset, score the outputs with a custom scoring function, and review the results in Weave. It's intended for developers who are new to Weave and want a quick, hands-on starting point before exploring more advanced evaluation workflows.
```

Author: Applied verbatim in 558ba397a.
